Adding procedure for SNMP traps (#141)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_configuring-snmp-traps.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// <List assemblies here, each on a new line>

// This module can be included from assemblies using the following include statement:
// include::<path>/proc_setting-up-the-dashboard-to-host-grafana.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// The file name and the ID are based on the module title. For example:
// * file name: proc_doing-procedure-a.adoc
// * ID: [id='proc_doing-procedure-a_{context}']
// * Title: = Doing procedure A
//
// The ID is used as an anchor for linking to the module. Avoid changing
// it after the module has been published to ensure existing links are not
// broken.
//
// The `context` attribute enables module reuse. Every module's ID includes
// {context}, which ensures that the module has a unique ID even if it is
// reused multiple times in a guide.
//
// Start the title with a verb, such as Creating or Create. See also
// _Wording of headings_ in _The IBM Style Guide_.
[id="configuring-snmp-traps_{context}"]
= Configuring SNMP Traps

> {Project} ({ProjectShort}) can deliver alerts via SNMP Traps.

Reviewer: @csibbitt This may or not be relevant but I'll ask anyway. Why would I want to use SNMP Traps?

Reviewer 2: You can understand SNMP Traps as alert or notification.

Reviewer 3: Enabing SNMPtraps functionality allows for defined PrometheusRules that would result in a fired alert via Alertmanager to be consumed by the prometheus-snmp-webhook pod via webhook receiver, for ultimate delivery to an SNMPtrap receiver.

Author: > Why would I want to use SNMP Traps?

To integrate STF with an existing infrastructure monitoring platform that receives notifications via SNMP traps.

Reviewer: Thanks Chris

> {Project} ({ProjectShort}) can deliver alerts via SNMP Traps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{Project} ({ProjectShort}) can deliver alerts via SNMP Traps. To enable SNMP traps, modify the `ServiceTelemetry` object and configure the `snmpTraps` parameters.
```

Adding this line to intro and breaking up step 1 below to two steps.

> {Project} ({ProjectShort}) can deliver alerts via SNMP Traps. To enable SNMP traps, modify the `ServiceTelemetry` object and configure the `snmpTraps` parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can integrate {Project} ({ProjectShort}) with an existing infrastructure monitoring platform that receives notifications via SNMP traps. To enable SNMP traps, modify the `ServiceTelemetry` object and configure the `snmpTraps` parameters.
```

For more information about configuring alerts, see xref:alerts_advanced-features[]

.Prerequisites

> * Know the IP address or hostname of the SNMP trap receiver where you'd like the alerts to be sent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Know the IP address or hostname of the SNMP trap receiver where you want to send the alerts 
```

.Procedure

> . To enable SNMP traps, modify the `ServiceTelemetry` object and set the `alerting.alertmanager.recevers.snmpTraps` parameters as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To enable SNMP traps, modify the `ServiceTelemetry` object:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
$ oc edit stf default
----

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set the `alerting.alertmanager.recevers.snmpTraps` parameters:
```

Reviewer 2: recevers must be a typo?

Reviewer: Yes thanks Matthias!

> . Set the `alerting.alertmanager.receivers.snmpTraps` parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set the `alerting.alertmanager.receivers.snmpTraps` parameters:
+
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: infra.watch/v1beta1
kind: ServiceTelemetry
...
spec:
  ...
  alerting:
    alertmanager:
      receivers:
        snmpTraps:
          enabled: true

>           target: 10.10.10.10 # <1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          target: 10.10.10.10
```

Reviewer 2: Joanne, I'd keep <1> here, since it's the reference (see below).

Author: There's an "outdated" comment from Joanne about preferring not to use call-outs and just write this as a step 3, which is fine by me. I like call-outs personally, but if we keep the examples trivial like this, then it's clear exactly which field is being talked about and call-outs are not really necesarry.

Reviewer: Yup exactly Chris, if there are lots of parameters from one long example that you need to describe, then callouts will work. If not, then we can be confident that the reader will find the parameter easily.

----

> <1> Set this to the IP address or hostname of the SNMP trap receiver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Ensure that you set the value of `target` to the IP address or hostname of the SNMP trap receiver.
```
I think this works better as a step 2. We do use callouts on occasion but I try to avoid them if I can.

> <1> Set this to the IP address or hostname of the SNMP trap receiver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Ensure that you set the value of `target` to the IP address or hostname of the SNMP trap receiver.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// <List assemblies here, each on a new line>

// This module can be included from assemblies using the following include statement:
// include::<path>/proc_setting-up-the-dashboard-to-host-grafana.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// The file name and the ID are based on the module title. For example:
// * file name: proc_doing-procedure-a.adoc
// * ID: [id='proc_doing-procedure-a_{context}']
// * Title: = Doing procedure A
//
// The ID is used as an anchor for linking to the module. Avoid changing
// it after the module has been published to ensure existing links are not
// broken.
//
// The `context` attribute enables module reuse. Every module's ID includes
// {context}, which ensures that the module has a unique ID even if it is
// reused multiple times in a guide.
//
// Start the title with a verb, such as Creating or Create. See also
// _Wording of headings_ in _The IBM Style Guide_.
[id="configuring-snmp-traps_{context}"]
= Configuring SNMP Traps

{Project} ({ProjectShort}) can deliver alerts via SNMP Traps. To enable SNMP traps, modify the `ServiceTelemetry` object and configure the `snmpTraps` parameters.

> For more information about configuring alerts, see xref:alerts_advanced-features[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about configuring alerts, see xref:alerts_advanced-features[].
```
